Jesse Baca: Hey,
Dominique Pozo: Thanks again for for flexing with the time. I really appreciate it.
Jesse Baca: That's okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Um,
Dominique Pozo: How's it going,
Jesse Baca: Can you hear me.
Dominique Pozo: You're getting a little broken up. Okay, now, now I think I see you and hear you.
Jesse Baca: Good. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. So we're gonna so I'm going to get started. So I'm going to be typing as
Dominique Pozo: As I talk to you because
Dominique Pozo: This is a an intake form that I need to fill out. So if you see my eyes moving around and
Dominique Pozo: My head if you can hear me.
Dominique Pozo: Typing I'm filling out the intake so
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So can you just give me a little history.
Dominique Pozo: Around
Dominique Pozo: Why you're in the program. What brought you here.
Jesse Baca: Well, for one, just had a little just had a problem with opiates in general.
Dominique Pozo: For how long
Jesse Baca: Five years
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Dominique Pozo: And did something significant happen that kind of pushed you to begin your recovery process.
Jesse Baca: costing a lot of money and just, I'm just tired of just chasing after the high, the whole time and it's want some stability in my life. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and
Dominique Pozo: To do. Did you ever go to prison in the last five years.
Jesse Baca: I was in jail. Yeah. And the last five years. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Multiple times. They're just once.
Jesse Baca: Just once
Dominique Pozo: And can you tell me what it was like its worst when you were using
Jesse Baca: Was life using and Joe
Dominique Pozo: Know how, how was it at its worst when you were using, what did. What did the bottom look like to you.
Jesse Baca: Just being sick and just depressed and having anxiety. We can have a panic attack.
Dominique Pozo: And have you ever been suicidal during this time.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Did you ever make any attempts
Jesse Baca: No.
Dominique Pozo: And how long have you been
Dominique Pozo: Clean
Jesse Baca: Clean. I've been clean since I've been to you guys.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. How long has that been
Jesse Baca: I'm gonna say about two weeks.
Dominique Pozo: And did you ever try to quit in the last five years. Did you ever go to any treatment programs or I O P programs.
Jesse Baca: Yeah, I've been in one spot in clinic before
Dominique Pozo: Can you tell me a little bit more was an inpatient or an I. O. P program.
Jesse Baca: It was that patient. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And how did that. How was that for you.
Jesse Baca: And we really good
Jesse Baca: I was never dirty for us or anything like that.
Dominique Pozo: And when was
Jesse Baca: The last time I was there was in 2000
Jesse Baca: October 2019
Dominique Pozo: And what happened if it was going well, what
Jesse Baca: It was just, just a little bit of disputes like cuz I had a
Jesse Baca: I had surgery for my mouth. Just get some teeth removed because they're just like the wisdom teeth and everything. And, um,
Jesse Baca: I guess I was in pain at, um, they said they would help me go through and everything. I wouldn't even have done surgery but I was just in pain and everything. They didn't really help me. So I just thought an argument with
With
Jesse Baca: With the superintendent. The, the person that owns it, I guess, or whoever the person that's running in
Jesse Baca: The doctor
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Jesse Baca: And he just kicked me out.
Jesse Baca: I'm just being honest.
Jesse Baca: But it's talking happen again.
Dominique Pozo: Oh no, that's fine. So I'm I think I'm maybe I'm not clear. So you've got into an argument with the person that the I O P program. Is that what you're saying.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I thought you were talking about your dentist. I didn't quite understand. So
Jesse Baca: Okay, I'm sorry.
Dominique Pozo: So here's the thing, if you relapse or have a slip in this program, we're not going to kick you out, or we really want you to, you know, to have this come from you and you know really you commit to your recovery. We're not going to kick you out. This isn't a punitive program.
Jesse Baca: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And with that said, I'm not saying you know go use and I'm not encouraging that at all. I'm just saying it's better to talk about it. Like if you
Dominique Pozo: Are having a really bad week and you come to group and you're feeling agitated and you're craving please talk about it because other folks in the group. You know a lot of people have relapsed they've slipped while in the program. So it might help to talk to other folks about it.
Jesse Baca: Sounds good.
Jesse Baca: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And was it just opiates or do were you struggling with anything else.
Jesse Baca: Just opiates. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And how did that start
Jesse Baca: Um, I think it was just more of dealing with my mental health in a healthy way. Just, you know,
Jesse Baca: Just, I was just feeling depressed and just was looking for something to cover it, you know, just don't make it make myself feel better.
Jesse Baca: Yeah. Exciting stuff like that. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: That makes sense.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and where you were. So were you diagnosed with depression and anxiety.
Jesse Baca: Yeah, okay.
Dominique Pozo: Anything else
Jesse Baca: No, just diagnosed with PTSD and anxiety.
Jesse Baca: Depression. That's it. Okay.
All right.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so I'm going to ask you a little bit about your family history. Can you tell me a bit about your, your relationship with your mom. What was she like
Dominique Pozo: And what is your relationship now.
I'm
Jesse Baca: I'm my relationship was always good with my mom when I was a kid, still is going good to everything's good.
Dominique Pozo: How about when you were actively using. How was it at that point with her.
Jesse Baca: Um, it's been the same.
Dominique Pozo: How does she
Jesse Baca: Um, she was, she was, she
Jesse Baca: Just always wants what's best for me. And she just she's saying like, I should have gone hope nothing, and I did get help already so she's been supportive with me.
Dominique Pozo: How about with your dad.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Jesse Baca: I since I was younger, until now.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, so same
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Jesse Baca: He did. He did have drinking issues, stuff like that. But it really didn't like affect me that much.
Jesse Baca: You know,
Jesse Baca: You just had drinking issues. And I guess you're just a functioning alcoholic.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: It didn't affect you at all to you can't think of any way that that impacted you
Jesse Baca: As well.
Jesse Baca: 99 in a big way.
Jesse Baca: I mean, I always thought it was weird that he was drinking. I knew what it was.
Dominique Pozo: It didn't
Jesse Baca: Oh golly, it probably has
Jesse Baca: Just nothing I can think of right now.
Jesse Baca: I never seen anything weird didn't do anything.
Dominique Pozo: I mean was he ever verbally abusive or anything like that with you all. Because after a while if someone's chronically drinking it starts to really impact their liver and
Jesse Baca: Well,
Jesse Baca: He did a lot for his, his pain if I get a lot of like painting his body and everything with his, his knees and everything.
Jesse Baca: He would just isolate himself for or you just like be really
Jesse Baca: Antisocial
Jesse Baca: But
Jesse Baca: Um, he, he worked a lot though. So, you know, I didn't really see him that way. Anyway, like until it when you got home.
Jesse Baca: But I don't know. That's, that's it.
Dominique Pozo: I mean, when I think of your dad isolating and being antisocial and you being a young boy I do wonder, you know, was that sad for you and hard to not have your dad around
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Jesse Baca: I guess I didn't know where you're going with that. I just like he wasn't ever violent or anything, just like
Jesse Baca: You just be antisocial.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I mean I think having a parent. That's not fully present
Dominique Pozo: Often, most of the time does impact a child so
Dominique Pozo: It's just curious, like, wow, that didn't, didn't impact we did
Jesse Baca: It take me to stay parks, all the time and everything. Uh huh. Cool.
Dominique Pozo: Did escaped with you.
Jesse Baca: Know,
Jesse Baca: Take me to the skate park.
Dominique Pozo: And do you have any siblings.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Can you tell me how many and and are they female now.
Jesse Baca: A lot of siblings. I have four adopted.
Jesse Baca: And for biological
Wow.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Jesse Baca: Um, I guess there's a few
Jesse Baca: Think
Jesse Baca: I had three sisters and brothers.
Dominique Pozo: Wow.
Dominique Pozo: And, um,
Dominique Pozo: And your parents they they remained married through all this and are still may
Jesse Baca: Yeah, they're still married. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Where are you in the birth order. I mean, that's a lot of people to attract. But are you like on the young end low end. Do you know where you're where you're at in that order.
Jesse Baca: Middle
Jesse Baca: Not the oldest but not the youngest
Jesse Baca: Between there.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And
Dominique Pozo: One question I forgot to ask about your mom and dad. Is there, is there a history of mental health issues on either side.
Jesse Baca: For my mom, there is. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Can you tell me that
Jesse Baca: Anxiety, depression,
Jesse Baca: And
Jesse Baca: He probably did have something by just never got hell for it or anything like that. I can imagine there was
Dominique Pozo: What would you name it if he could
Jesse Baca: Anxiety.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Where were you born
Jesse Baca: Born
Dominique Pozo: Know where, where were you born
Jesse Baca: In Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And this is kind of an intimate question. But it's part of your history. Did you ever suffer from any sexual abuse that you remember
No.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, um,
Dominique Pozo: And then how far did you go in your schooling.
Jesse Baca: Um, until 11th grade.
Jesse Baca: I was, I was going for GED classes, though, but the coven 19th kind of just been pushing it back.
Dominique Pozo: So you completed. Did you complete 11th grade.
Jesse Baca: I'm almost all of it.
Jesse Baca: I was in, I was in 11th grade, but I was almost there.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, so this so so how
Jesse Baca: Was that
Dominique Pozo: So what is your age.
Jesse Baca: Right now I'm 26
Jesse Baca: So I didn't never finished high school. So that's why I'm working on my god right now.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, so so you, you never finished high school a long time ago. And then you, you have more working on your GED, and the coven gotten away.
Jesse Baca: Yeah, okay.
Dominique Pozo: Really, there's no you can't finish it online.
Jesse Baca: Is it is a preferred to do it that way.
Jesse Baca: Because I stopped you know there's testing and everything.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Jesse Baca: I really, I haven't really gotten far long at all yet, let's just try and see where I'm at still
Jesse Baca: This is just recent so I just started
Dominique Pozo: So from the time that you
Dominique Pozo: Stopped going to high school. Oh, go ahead.
Jesse Baca: For the GED stuff though. Yeah, I am trying to, like, you know, learn, learn more
Jesse Baca: Know how my own time anyways was out
Dominique Pozo: I was wondering
Dominique Pozo: From the time that you decided to not complete 11th grade until now until you decided to do your GED. How have you been getting by. Have you had work or what have you been doing
Jesse Baca: Yeah, I've been working stuff, but mostly take care of my mom. No.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, what, why,
Jesse Baca: She falls down a lot and has trouble walking
Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: What causes that
Jesse Baca: I don't, I don't know. She does have a lot of health issues, though she has like high blood pressure and diabetes, stuff like that.
Jesse Baca: I'm not sure I'm not, I don't know.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Are you still care, taking her
Jesse Baca: Yeah, most
Jesse Baca: Most of the time.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Are you employed. Do you have
Jesse Baca: Modified right now.
Dominique Pozo: And how would you name your financial situation like if you could label it, what is it, what is it,
Jesse Baca: Just non existent right now.
Jesse Baca: That's what makes Cosmos my depression right now.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right, are you in a partnership with anyone right now.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: How long have you been with them.
Jesse Baca: It's gonna be, like, five months now.
Okay.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: How's that going
Jesse Baca: It's going really good
Jesse Baca: Great.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Are they aware of your recovery process.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Um, what are some of your hobbies.
Jesse Baca: I'm
Dominique Pozo: Sorry, you got book.
That we read
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Jesse Baca: Just reading articles reading books.
Jesse Baca: I read it like about farm farm us like pharmaceuticals and stuff like that.
Jesse Baca: And just
Jesse Baca: Just racing.
Jesse Baca: Astronomy.
Dominique Pozo: Any other hobbies. Do you still skate.
Jesse Baca: Oh yeah skateboarding. Yeah, whenever, whenever we're gonna have the time.
Dominique Pozo: Anything else
Jesse Baca: That's about it.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right, so let's think of some short term goals. So if we could come up with six. That would be great. So six goals that you would like to complete by, say, the end of May.
Jesse Baca: And yeah.
Jesse Baca: Um,
Jesse Baca: It's a short time, but I did. I went I want to get my GED. First off, and be able to find a job until then.
Jesse Baca: And just continue my sobriety.
Jesse Baca: Which is, I don't know if that makes sense. That's cool.
Dominique Pozo: You know it is a great goal. I think it's a wonderful goal to have if you're in recovery for sure. And sometimes it's good to just name, how you can do that and I'll just give you
Dominique Pozo: A little prompt. If you want to name continue your sobriety by attending weekly group meetings and individual therapy.
Jesse Baca: Yeah, sure. Once a week would be good weekly
Dominique Pozo: For. Well, definitely. You have to go to the group meetings, weekly, but would you like weekly individual therapy as well.
Dominique Pozo: I can't hear you. You got broken
Jesse Baca: Can I switch to my Wi Fi.
Yeah.
Jesse Baca: It won't interrupt me
Jesse Baca: Okay. Um, I think I should be good with her.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, that sounds so much better. Actually, yeah.
Jesse Baca: Yeah, okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so definitely you have to come to the group meetings weekly. How often would you like to come to individual therapy will be with me.
Dominique Pozo: Shoot, I can't hear you.
Dominique Pozo: Huh.
Dominique Pozo: OK, now I hear you.
Jesse Baca: Yeah I froze there for a second.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so I keep asking you how often you want to come to individual therapy, but I am not hearing your response because it freezes.
Jesse Baca: Can you hear me now.
Yes, yeah.
Jesse Baca: Okay, um, how many times do I want to do a week like or just repeat all that
Dominique Pozo: So it's part of the program is you have to come to the weekly group meetings. That's that is just required
Jesse Baca: To get your medication.
Dominique Pozo: The one that you came to last week and then the individual therapy, it's, it's more flexible, we could do weekly once a week or we could do once every two weeks. But definitely, I encourage weekly, and if that if you know that's too much, then we could do every other week.
Jesse Baca: But definitely of the week.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so I'm going to put bi weekly
Jesse Baca: Because I do see I do see my therapist once a week, and I just like to have some, like, you know, sometimes just the, you know, like the
Jesse Baca: Like you know and i mean
Jesse Baca: To me.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Oh, so you already have a therapist.
Jesse Baca: Yeah, I told him that last time to you at home. I probably haven't told you yet though. But yes, I have a therapist. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Oh well, I mean, do you want extra support from me. I don't want to interfere with the therapy, you're doing with them.
Jesse Baca: Um,
Jesse Baca: I would like to do it every other week. So I want you. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Let's do it. And I'm so I'm a trained art therapist, and I do movement and writing as well expressive art therapy. So, you know, if you're doing straight talk therapy with them. Maybe we can get into more experiential work and keep
Dominique Pozo: You know, exploring and deepening your process in other ways. If you want, or we can do talk therapy to that's fine.
Jesse Baca: Yeah, talk therapy.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. So let's see. So I'm going to put bi weekly with me and then. Okay, how about three more goals. If you can think of some short term and if you want to think of more long term, why don't we do
Dominique Pozo: Maybe one more short term and a couple long term goals.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Jesse Baca: Um,
Jesse Baca: I really can't think of any other than just like my main priority is just to really get my GED underway.
Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: Um, do you want to get more exercise or
Dominique Pozo: Know. Is there anything else that you've been wanting to do that isn't a huge endeavor.
Jesse Baca: I can think of some like simple one. Just
Well,
Jesse Baca: Um, I
Jesse Baca: Of course exercise will be good for anybody but um
Jesse Baca: I really don't. I haven't really been putting goals like that, but I can start setting goals.
Dominique Pozo: Well, let's do that in our individual therapy, maybe let's just get specific more exercise how what what kinds like riding your bike skateboarding running swimming. What kind of
Jesse Baca: Skateboarding
OK.
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Dominique Pozo: OK. And then let's think of to long term goals and then tell me when you first see and that can be, you know, in the next year or it can. These are longer ones so
Dominique Pozo: Get two of those.
Jesse Baca: I'm finding a job.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I had that on your short term goal. Do you want that to be a long term one
Jesse Baca: Sorry, I didn't realize this at that for that part.
Jesse Baca: Okay, so one
Jesse Baca: Table. I got one, I guess.
Jesse Baca: tapering off Suboxone one day.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, great.
Dominique Pozo: I'm putting find a job.
Dominique Pozo: In the long term goal realistically. When do you think, can you really imagine getting a new job. Like if you just first look into the next year what what month so I can just put a target date down
Jesse Baca: June.
Dominique Pozo: June. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Alright and then
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So how about
Dominique Pozo: How about the tapering off of Suboxone when can you imagine doing that and just want to let you know, from what I've witnessed over the last, like, four years working with bright heart health, it's a slow process. So,
Jesse Baca: Yeah, I know, I know. I'm thinking about around a six month mark this like around six months or seven months.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, that seems even very short to need. But if you want to put it at that. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So let's see where an April. It's just say, May, June, July, August, September. So around October, November.
Jesse Baca: Yeah, and even then it's not like I said day either, you know, it just depends. I'll put it that date, though, though, though work.
Dominique Pozo: I'm just going to check with you at that date, and we'll see how it's going. Because I have a feeling, you know, it could go longer than that, but that's okay. Okay, let's see, um,
Dominique Pozo: All right. And then these are just a few questions about your relapse prevention and being able to name some of these things. So do you know, are you aware of things that trigger you emotionally
Jesse Baca: What things trigger me emotionally
Jesse Baca: Stress
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Around anything in particular.
Jesse Baca: Know everything
OK.
Dominique Pozo: And then how about in relationships. Is there anything that triggers either
Dominique Pozo: That you're aware of
Jesse Baca: Nothing that I'm aware of. Right now.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Wow, that's, that's pretty amazing, you've been with your partner for what did you say, six months or five months and
Dominique Pozo: You haven't had
Jesse Baca: A farmer.
Dominique Pozo: You haven't had any triggers and that time.
Jesse Baca: Um,
Jesse Baca: I don't know. Nothing I can think of right now.
Dominique Pozo: Wow, that that must be a delight to be in a relationship and not
Dominique Pozo: You know, things get triggered.
Jesse Baca: I'm
Jesse Baca: Just can't think of anything right now.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right, let's see. How about, um, any events or situations that are triggering for you.
Jesse Baca: I'm not even events.
Jesse Baca: Guess.
Jesse Baca: Well, I guess, like the coronavirus just because that means just going outside a lot more than this.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm. Okay, so not being able to go outside.
Dominique Pozo: Or just move freely through your life.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So what what to you are healthy coping skills.
Jesse Baca: Oh, no.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, this is great that you will, it's not great that you don't know but it's stuff for us to work on in our, in our sessions.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Do you have people that you can call if you're in a crisis.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Can you, are you willing to name, maybe one or two.
Jesse Baca: I guess. Mom, I can call my girlfriend.
Jesse Baca: Because I can call her.
Okay.
Jesse Baca: It's more like a friendship thing, but I don't really, I just call her when I just want to talk to her.
Dominique Pozo: Um, and then
Dominique Pozo: Do you, are you aware of any self care habits that really work for you or self care behaviors things that help to soothe you when you're feeling anxious
Jesse Baca: Yeah, I've been through that with my therapist. I'm just breathing exercises. I'm DISTRACTING MYSELF.
Jesse Baca: With stuff.
Dominique Pozo: So those are some of your coping skills.
Dominique Pozo: But, and they're also self, you know, self soothing, but definitely the breathing would be a way to to cope through stress. What do you distract yourself with
Jesse Baca: Reading music
Jesse Baca: If it's really, really, really bad. I could just go take a shower and just try to relax myself, but I just have constant bad thoughts.
Dominique Pozo: Cool. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, well that's that's the intake for today. Do you have any questions for me or any concerns about the program or therapy or anything.
Jesse Baca: No, that's good.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And right now, can you just share with me from one to 10 one being not at all 10 being off the charts. How do you, where's your anxiety in this moment.
Jesse Baca: Hey at a time.
Dominique Pozo: No. Oh, sorry. I thought you were asking is the scale eight to 10. Oh, so you're at an eight right now.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Are you able to identify what what's creating the anxiety.
Jesse Baca: Know, sometimes, nothing really triggers and
Dominique Pozo: It's just there.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, yeah. What does it feel like schematically in your body.
Jesse Baca: Well just anxiety in general just
Jesse Baca: racing thoughts. My chest like it's on my mind. I could feel my heart beating faster than normal.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right, well, do you want to can you get your calendar out and we'll look at it together and see when when the next time you'd like to meet us
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So this would be the first week of May, and I can either do
Dominique Pozo: 7pm on
Dominique Pozo: The fourth or can you remind me, are you in group on Tuesday or Wednesday, because I cannot see you the same day as group.
Jesse Baca: Um, it's either a Monday or Tuesday. Right.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I just, I'm not remembering. Are you in group on Wednesday.
Dominique Pozo: What day is your group your medical check in and relapse prevention group.
Jesse Baca: I think it's on Tuesday.
Dominique Pozo: Let me look I have you in my my census. Hold on.
Dominique Pozo: I just, I need to make sure because I can't see you, the same day.
Jesse Baca: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: See
Dominique Pozo: Oh, here we go.
Dominique Pozo: You're on Tuesday. Okay, yeah, your group is Tuesday, so I can see you on. So would you like to do the fourth at 7pm or the sixth
Dominique Pozo: I can do 6pm on the six
Jesse Baca: Um,
Jesse Baca: Yeah, the 6pm on the six
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so I'm gonna put you in
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And it's the same thing. You'll, you'll just go through the virtual clinic and check in there to get the number and I'll see you in group tomorrow, and then we'll just plan on
Dominique Pozo: Oh wait, sorry, is that that's the 29th. No, wait.
Dominique Pozo: YEAH, IT WOULD BE THE SIX CORRECT.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Any, anything else before we say goodbye.
Jesse Baca: Oh no, that's good. Everything is good.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, create Jesse will take good care and I'll see you in group tomorrow.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.